.TH dns2tcpc 1

.SH NAME 
dns2tcpc \- A tunneling tool that encapsulate TCP connections in DNS.

.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B dns2tcpc 
[
.B \-h
] [
.B \-c
] [
.B \-z 
.I domain zone
] [
.B \-d 
.I debug_level
] [
.B \-r 
.I ressource
] [
.B \-f 
.I config_file
] [
.B \-l
.I local_port
] [ 
.I server
] 
.br
.ad

.SH DESCRIPTION 
dns2tcpc is a network tool used to encapsulate TCP communications in
DNS. When connections are received on a specific port all TCP trafic are
send to the remote dns2tcpd server and forwarded to a specific host and
port. Multiple connections are supported. 
.PP 
dns2tcpc was written for demonstration purposes.
.SH OPTIONS 
.TP
.BI -h
Help Menu
.TP
.BI -c
Use DNS compression. When used be sure that all relay and DNS server
understand compression and really use it.
.TP
\fB\-z\fR \fBdomain zone\fR
Use this domain as endpoint.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fBdebug level\fR
Change debug level. Levels available are 1, 2 or 3.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR \fBressource\fR
Remote ressource to access. 
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fBconfig file\fR
Configuration file to use
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fBlocal_port\fR
Local port that will received incomming connections.
.TP
\fBserver\fR
DNS server to use.

.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
By default ${HOME}/.dns2tcprc is used if no configuration file is
specified. Here is an example :
.TP
.nf
.in 7
domain = dns2tcp.hsc.fr
ressource = ssltunnel
local_port = 4430
compression = 0
debug_level = 1
# DNS to use
server = ns.hsc.fr
.fi

.SH AUTHORS
Olivier Dembour <olivier.dembour@hsc.fr>

.SH BUGS
This tool is only a proof of concept

.SH SEE ALSO
ssltunnel 

